SUB-LICENCE FOR SEISMIC DATA

Seismic data acquired pursuant to operations conducted subject to
the Petroleum Act 1998 and landward area regulations made in
exercise of powers conferred thereby are Crown Copyright
material. the Library, pursuant to worldwide exclusive rights granted
by the Controller hereby grants the Licensee a non-exclusive
Licence to use the Data on the following terms

1 - Parties

1. Oil & Gas Ltd (the Licensee).

2. The Controller of Her Majesty's Stationery Office (the

Controller).

UK Onshore Geophysical Library (the Library).

not employed by the Licensee (a 3rd party).

5. Abona fide oil or gas bidding group, exploration group, or
exploitation group (a Joint Venture Group).

6. Another member, other than the Licensee, of a Joint Venture
Group (a member of a Joint Venture Group).

2 - Definitions

Ro

1. "this Licence".

2. "the Data": seismic data listed in the Schedule.

3. "a confidentiality agreement".

4. "transfer".

5. "sell".

6. "provide services with": as in providing any service to any third
party.

7. "access": as in gain obtain a copy of.

8. "agree to": to be bound by the terms of, to the same extend as
the Licensee.

9. "copy or adapt": as in deriving data and statistics from,
copying, or distributing.

10. "become a member of": as in to be to at any point hereafter
become a member or operator of.

3- Terms
ok wo

. the Licensee may not transfer this Licence except under the

following circumstances:
+ with the consent from the Library
the Licensee may transfer this Licence under the following
circumstances:
+ with the consent from the Library
the Licensee may not sell the Data.
the Licensee may not provide services with the Data.
a 3rd party may access the Data under the following
circumstances:
+ with the consent from the Licensee
+ only after a 3rd party did agree to this Licence
+ only after a 3rd party did agree to a confidentiality
agreement
the Licensee may not copy or adapt the Data except under the
following circumstances:
+ with the consent from the Library
+ with Internal purpose
the Licensee may copy or adapt the Data under the following
circumstances:
+ with the consent from the Library
+ with Internal purpose
the Licensee may become a member of a Joint Venture Group.
a member of a Joint Venture Group may access the Data
under the following circumstances:
+ only after the Licensee did become a member of a Joint
Venture Group
* only after a member of a Joint Venture Group did become
a member of a Joint Venture Group
+ with the consent from the Library
+ only after a member of a Joint Venture Group did agree to
this Licence
